====================================================================================================
SOURCE FILE: geofabrik-japan.html
(plain-text rendering of the fetched HTML; tags and scripts removed)
====================================================================================================

Download OpenStreetMap for Japan | Geofabrik Download Server

Do you find OpenStreetMap data useful? Consider giving something back in the OSMF's funding campaign!

Download OpenStreetMap data for this region:

Japan

[one level up]

The OpenStreetMap data files provided on this server do not contain the user names, user
IDs and changeset IDs of the OSM objects because these fields are assumed to contain personal
information about the OpenStreetMap contributors and are therefore subject to data protection regulations
in the European Union.

Extracts with full metadata are available to OpenStreetMap
contributors only.

Commonly Used Formats

japan-latest.osm.pbf, suitable for
Osmium, Osmosis, imposm, osm2pgsql, mkgmap, and others. This file was last
modified 13 hours ago and contains all OSM data up to 2026-09-27T20:23:36Z. File size: 2.4 GB.

japan-latest-free.shp.zip is not available for this region; try one of the sub-regions.
Other Formats and Auxiliary Files

japan-internal.osh.pbf The history file
contains personal data and is available on the
internal server
only. See notice above for further information.

.poly file that describes the extent
of this region.

.osc.gz files
that contain all changes in this region, suitable e.g. for
Osmosis updates

Taginfo statistics for this region

raw directory index allowing you to
see and download older files
file
date
size

japan-140101.osm.pbf
2014-01-02 00:01
886767352

japan-150101.osm.pbf
2015-01-02 01:09
933557612

japan-160101.osm.pbf
2016-01-02 01:08
963967488

japan-170101-free.shp.zip
2017-01-02 05:44
1763560922

japan-170101-free.shp.zip.md5
2018-05-03 16:27
60

japan-170101.osm.pbf
2017-01-02 01:27
1070959033

japan-180101.osm.pbf
2018-01-01 23:43
1168789601

japan-190101.osm.pbf
2019-01-02 00:27
1323970245

japan-200101.osm.pbf
2020-02-19 16:25
1453341364

japan-210101.osm.pbf
2021-01-02 00:21
1580540423

japan-220101.osm.pbf
2022-01-02 04:30
1710874862

japan-230101.osm.pbf
2023-01-02 01:34
1822135601

japan-240101.osm.pbf
2024-01-02 00:47
1960084626

japan-250101.osm.pbf
2025-01-02 01:41
2139587716

japan-260101.osm.pbf
2026-01-01 23:36
2342296009

japan-260101.osm.pbf.md5
2026-01-01 23:36
55

japan-260701.osm.pbf
2026-07-01 23:38
2457171890

japan-260701.osm.pbf.md5
2026-07-01 23:39
55

japan-260801.osm.pbf
2026-08-01 23:09
2479899073

japan-260801.osm.pbf.md5
2026-08-01 23:09
55

japan-260901.osm.pbf
2026-09-02 05:25
2509463883

japan-260901.osm.pbf.md5
2026-09-02 05:25
55

japan-260921.osm.pbf
2026-09-21 23:21
2532137304

japan-260921.osm.pbf.md5
2026-09-21 23:21
55

japan-260922.osm.pbf
2026-09-22 22:52
2533133290

japan-260922.osm.pbf.md5
2026-09-22 22:52
55

japan-260923.osm.pbf
2026-09-23 23:27
2534411117

japan-260923.osm.pbf.md5
2026-09-23 23:27
55

japan-260924.osm.pbf
2026-09-25 00:09
2535683341

japan-260924.osm.pbf.md5
2026-09-25 00:09
55

japan-260925.osm.pbf
2026-09-25 23:19
2536507315

japan-260925.osm.pbf.md5
2026-09-25 23:20
55

japan-260926.osm.pbf
2026-09-27 00:07
2537341328

japan-260926.osm.pbf.md5
2026-09-27 00:07
55

japan-260927.osm.pbf
2026-09-27 22:59
2538602425

japan-260927.osm.pbf.md5
2026-09-27 22:59
55

japan-updates
2026-09-27 23:08
4096

japan.kml
2026-09-27 22:59
884

japan.poly
2026-09-27 22:49
697

Sub Regions
Click on the region name to see the overview page for that region, or select one of the
file extension links for quick access.

Sub Region

Quick Links

.osm.pbf

.gpkg.zip

Chūbu region

[.osm.pbf]
(487 MB)
[.gpkg.zip]

Chūgoku region

[.osm.pbf]
(225 MB)
[.gpkg.zip]

Hokkaidō

[.osm.pbf]
(180 MB)
[.gpkg.zip]

Kansai region (a.k.a. Kinki region)

[.osm.pbf]
(335 MB)
[.gpkg.zip]

Kantō region

[.osm.pbf]
(490 MB)
[.gpkg.zip]

Kyūshū

[.osm.pbf]
(300 MB)
[.gpkg.zip]

Shikoku

[.osm.pbf]
(85 MB)
[.gpkg.zip]

Tōhoku region

[.osm.pbf]
(295 MB)
[.gpkg.zip]

Not what you were looking for?
Geofabrik is a consulting and software development firm based in Karlsruhe, Germany
specializing in OpenStreetMap services. We're happy to help you with data
preparation, processing, server setup and the like. Check out our web site
and contact us if we can be of service.

Nicht das Richtige dabei?
Die Geofabrik ist ein auf OpenStreetMap spezialisiertes Beratungs- und Softwareentwicklungsunternehmen in Karlsruhe.
Gern helfen wir Ihnen bei der Datenaufbereitung, Datenkonvertierung, Serverinstallation und &auml;hnlichen Aufgaben.
Besuchen Sie unsere Webseite und sprechen Sie mit uns, wenn wir Ihnen
helfen k&ouml;nnen.

Data processed by
Geofabrik GmbH
and created by
OpenStreetMap Contributors
|
License: ODbL 1.0
|
Contact
|
Legal Notice/Privacy Policy


====================================================================================================
SOURCE FILE: google-maps-service-terms.html
(plain-text rendering of the fetched HTML; tags and scripts removed)
====================================================================================================

Google Maps Platform Service Specific Terms | Google Cloud

Google is committed to advancing racial equity for Black communities. See how.

Back to Google Cloud Terms Directory

Current

Google Maps Platform Service Specific Terms
These Service Specific Terms are incorporated into the agreement under which Google has agreed to provide Google Maps Platform Services to Customer (the "Agreement").
Capitalized terms not defined in these Service Specific Terms have the meaning established in the Agreement. For the purpose of these Service Specific Terms, if the order is placed by a Reseller, then the term "Customer" as used below means Customer and/or Reseller based on which entity is accessing the applicable Service.
These Service Specific Terms apply to Customers who do not have a billing account address in the European Economic Area. If your billing account address is within the European Economic Area, please see the (EEA) Service Specific Terms (as described at https://cloud.google.com/terms/maps-platform/eea/maps-service-terms).

A. GENERAL SERVICE TERMS
The following terms apply to all Google Maps Platform Services.
1. Documentation
Customer will comply with the Documentation.
2. Attribution
Customer will attribute all the Services in accordance with the Documentation.
3. Google ID Caching
Customer may cache the Google ID values from the Services that return such field and allow caching, in accordance with its Documentation. For example, Customer may cache (a) place_id from Places API, Directions API, Geolocation API and Routes API, (b) pano_ID, from Street View Static API, and (c) video_ID from Aerial View API.
4. Verification of Customer-Reported Subscriptions
Google has the ability to independently track Customer’s use of certain Services, but Google relies on Customer to measure its own usage of certain other Services (such as per-Asset Asset Tracking). To verify Customer’s usage of self-measured Services, Google may require the following once per calendar year:
(a) a corporate officer’s certification that Customer has fully complied with the Agreement; and/or
(b) an audit of Customer’s relevant records by a nationally-recognized independent auditor on 30 days prior written notice during Customer’s business hours.
5. Pre-GA Offerings Terms
5.1 Introduction. Google may make available to Customer pre-general availability Google Maps Platform features, services, and software that are not listed at https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/terms/maps-services/ or are identified as "Experimental", or "Preview" or a similar designation in related documentation or materials (collectively, "Pre-GA Offerings"). While Pre-GA Offerings are not Services, the terms of the Agreement that apply to Services also apply to Customer’s use of Pre-GA Offerings, as amended by this section (Pre-GA Offerings Terms). To the extent this Section 5 (Pre-GA Offerings Terms) conflicts with the Agreement, this Section 5 (Pre-GA Offerings Terms) will govern. Google may inform you in writing of additional terms and conditions for certain Pre-GA Offerings, which will be deemed a part of the Agreement.
5.2 Disclaimer. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Pre-GA Offerings are provided "as is" without any express or implied warranties or representations of any kind. Pre-GA Offerings (a) may be changed, suspended, or discontinued at any time without prior notice to Customer and (b) are not covered by any SLA, Google indemnity, or the Deprecation Policy. Except as otherwise expressly indicated in a written notice or Google documentation, Pre-GA Offerings are not covered by Maps Technical Support Services. Customer’s use of a Pre-GA Offering that is a new feature of an existing Service may impact the performance of that existing Service.
5.3 Liability. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law and only with respect to Pre-GA Offerings, Google will not be liable for any amounts in excess of the lesser of (i) the limitation on the amount of liability stated in the Agreement or (ii) US $25,000. Nothing in the preceding sentence will affect any exclusions from any limitation of liability in the Agreement with respect to the following: (a) death or personal injury resulting from negligence, (b) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, (c) infringement of the other party’s Intellectual Property Rights, or (d) matters for which liability cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
5.4 Feedback. Customer may provide feedback and suggestions about the Pre-GA Offerings to Google, and Google and its Affiliates may use any feedback or suggestions provided without restriction and without obligation to Customer.

B. CORE SERVICE TERMS
1. Address Validation API
1.1 Sharing Customer Information. By accessing or using Address Validation API, Customer agrees that Google may share Customer's information (name and address), subject to Section 1.2 (Artifically-Created Addresses).
1.2 Artificially-Created Addresses. Google uses services from the United States Postal Service to display addresses in United States and Puerto Rico. If Customer uses the Address Validation API for addresses in the United States and Puerto Rico, then Customer must not make requests with artificially-created addresses. If Customer inputs an artificially-created address, then subject to the Confidentiality section of Customer’s Agreement with Google, and in accordance with the United States Postal Services security measures, Google will:
(a) stop validating addresses for Customer using United States Postal Service services and
(b) will report Customer’s information (name and address), relevant input address, and aggregated Address Validation API usage data to the United States Postal Service.
1.3 Caching. Customer may temporarily cache the applicable Google Maps Content from the Address Validation API for the applicable Caching Period and for the applicable Permitted Purposes, as described in Table 1.3.2 (Address Validation API Caching Permissions).
1.3.1 The following definitions apply to this Section 1.3 (Caching):
*"Downstream transactions" means to use the cached Google Maps Content associated with a particular End User’s account to avoid requiring that End User to enter the same information in an address field for current or future transactions.
**"Correction Requests" means to use the cached Google Maps Content associated with an End User’s account to request a correction on an address component (e.g., confirmationLevel, inferred, spellCorrected, replaced, or unexpected) received from the End User.
1.3.2 Table 1.3.2 (Address Validation API Caching Permissions) 

Google Maps Content

Caching Period

Permitted Purposes

formattedAddress
postalAddress
addressComponent: componentName
USPS Data standardizedAddress

30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must (a) delete the cached Google Maps Content; or (b) replace it with End User data provided through End User confirmation or correction

Downstream transactions

addressComponent: confirmationLevel, inferred, spellCorrected, replaced, unexpected

30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must (a) delete the cached Google Maps Content; or (b) replace it with End User data provided through End User confirmation or correction

Correction Requests

Location: latitude values, longitude values

30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content 

Any

Google Maps Content

Caching Period

Permitted Purposes

formattedAddress
postalAddress
addressComponent: componentName
USPS Data standardizedAddress

30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must (a) delete the cached Google Maps Content; or (b) replace it with End User data provided through End User confirmation or correction

Downstream transactions

addressComponent: confirmationLevel, inferred, spellCorrected, replaced, unexpected

30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must (a) delete the cached Google Maps Content; or (b) replace it with End User data provided through End User confirmation or correction

Correction Requests

Location: latitude values, longitude values

30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content 

Any

2. Air Quality API
2.1 Permitted Use. Customer may only use the data retrieved from Air Quality API in (a) air quality based routing solutions developed by Customer, and (b) Customer environmental risk indices and correlational research.
2.2 Caching. Customer may temporarily cache the applicable Google Maps Content from the Air Quality API for the applicable Caching Period pursuant to Table 2.2.1 (Air Quality API Caching Permissions).
2.2.1 Table 2.2.1 (Air Quality API Caching Permissions)

Google Maps Content

Caching Period

Current conditions values
Hourly forecast values

One hour, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Historic values for a specific location and given time range

Until the Agreement is terminated

Google Maps Content

Caching Period

Current conditions values
Hourly forecast values

One hour, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Historic values for a specific location and given time range

Until the Agreement is terminated

3. Android Geocoder SDK (Restricted GA)
3.1 Use without a Google Map. Customer may use Google Maps Content from the Android Geocoder SDK in Customer Applications without a corresponding Google Map.
3.2 No use with a non-Google map. Customer must not use Google Maps Content from the Android Geocoder SDK in conjunction with a non-Google map.
3.3 Caching. 
3.3.1 Customer may temporarily cache latitude (lat) and longitude (lng) values from the Android Geocoder SDK for up to 30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached latitude and longitude values.
3.3.2 Customer may indefinitely cache latitude (lat), longitude (lng), formatted_address, and the structured address values from the Android Geocoder SDK solely to support the direct, End User facing functionality of the Customer Application that initiated the request (e.g., displaying the address of a location in a weather application, associating location data with a photograph), only where the cache is not used as a replacement for making an additional call to the Services. Cached data must be logically isolated to the specific End User it is associated with and must not be used across multiple End Users.

4. Directions API
4.1 Use without a Google Map. Customer may use Google Maps Content from the Directions API in Customer Applications without a corresponding Google Map.
4.2 No use with a non-Google map. Customer must not use Google Maps Content from the Directions API in conjunction with a non-Google map.
4.3 Caching. Customer may temporarily cache latitude and longitude values from the Directions API for up to 30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached latitude and longitude values. 
5. Distance Matrix API
5.1 Use without a Google Map. Customer may use Google Maps Content from the Distance Matrix API in Customer Applications without a corresponding Google Map.
5.2 No use with a non-Google map. Customer must not use Google Maps Content from the Distance Matrix API in conjunction with a non-Google map.
6. Geocoding API
6.1 Use without a Google Map. Customer may use Google Maps Content from the Geocoding API in Customer Applications without a corresponding Google Map.
6.2 No use with a non-Google map. Customer must not use Google Maps Content from the Geocoding API in conjunction with a non-Google map.
6.3 Caching.
6.3.1 Customer may temporarily cache latitude (lat) and longitude (lng) values from the Geocoding API for up to 30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached latitude and longitude values.
6.3.2 Customer may indefinitely cache latitude (lat), longitude (lng), formatted_address, and the structured address values from the Geocoding API solely to support the direct, End User facing functionality of the Customer Application that initiated the request (e.g., displaying the address of a location in a weather application, associating location data with a photograph), only where the cache is not used as a replacement for making an additional call to the Services. Cached data must be logically isolated to the specific End User it is associated with and must not be used across multiple End Users. 
7. Geolocation API
7.1 Use without a Google Map. Customer may use Google Maps Content from the Geolocation API in Customer Applications without a corresponding Google Map.
7.2 No use with a non-Google map. Customer must not use Google Maps Content from the Geolocation API in conjunction with a non-Google map.
7.3 Caching. Customer may temporarily cache latitude (lat) and longitude (lng) values from the Geolocation API for up to 30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached latitude and longitude values.
8. Google Earth 
8.1 Definitions. 
8.1.1 The definition of "Customer Application" in the Google Maps Platform Terms of Service is replaced with the following: "Customer Earth Project" means the project Customer creates in Google Earth and which has material value independent of the Services.
8.1.2 The definition of "Customer Indemnified Materials" in the Google Maps Platform Terms of Service is replaced with the following: "Customer Indemnified Materials" means Customer Data, Customer Earth Project and Brand Guidelines.
8.1.3 "Ask Google Earth Generated Output" means responses that Google generates using Google Maps Content from Google Earth in response to a Customer initiated prompt.
8.1.4 "Customer Data" means (1) data provided to Google by Customer or End Users through the Services and stored in the Customer Earth Project, and (2) data that Customer or End Users derive from use of the Services that is substantially transformed or modified such that the Google Maps Content cannot (a) be identified as originating or deriving directly from Google Maps Content; (b) be reverse engineered to the original Google Maps Places Content; or (c) be used as a substitute for Google Maps Content.
8.1.5 "Generative AI Prohibited Use Policy" means the then-current Generative AI Prohibited Use Policy described at https://policies.google.com/terms/generative-ai/use-policy.
8.2 Data Layers. Data layers and tables can be saved to a Customer Earth Project. Customer will not, and will not allow End Users to, download, export or copy Data layers and tables from Google Earth. 
8.3 Design Features.
8.3.1 The designs created by Customer or its End Users with Google Earth design features will be saved to Customers Google Earth Project and can be downloaded (e.g. as a KMZ or PNG file) if they are Customer Data. 
8.3.2 Disclaimer. Google Earth design features are intended for conceptual planning and design. Google Earth design features should not be used for construction or structural engineering designs.
8.4 Ask Google Earth.
8.4.1 Customer will not, and will not allow End Users to, download, export or copy Ask Google Earth Generated Outputs.
8.4.2 Customer and its End User’s use of Ask in Google Earth must comply with the Generative AI Prohibited Use Policy. A violation of the Generative AI Prohibited Use Policy will be considered a violation of the AUP.
8.5 Customer Data.
8.5.1 Customer is responsible for all Customer Data, including securing and maintaining all applicable rights required for Customer’s use of Customer Data.
8.5.2 To provide the Services in Google Earth, Google logs information and parameters generated by Customer’s use of the Services (including, but not limited to, search terms, prompts to Ask Google Earth, and inputs for creating generated designs) ("Earth Service Data"). Customer acknowledges and agrees that Google and its Affiliates may use and retain the Earth Service Data to provide and improve Google Earth, subject to the then-current Google Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
8.6 Section 3.2.2 (a) (Terms of Service and Privacy Policy) of the Google Maps Platform Terms of Service does not apply.
9. Maps Datasets API
9.1 No Personal Data. Customer will not provide to Google any Personal Data via the Maps Datasets API.
10. Maps Grounding Lite API
10.1 Definitions.
"Grounded Output" means output created when Google Maps Content is combined with the output of any LLM.
"Google Maps Content" means the content originating from Google Maps provided in the Grounded Output, including any content found on the landing pages of source links within the Grounded Output.
"Large Language Model" or "LLM" means a generative artificial intelligence model trained on large datasets to recognize, summarize, translate, predict, and generate text or other content in response to user-provided prompts or queries.
10.2 Permitted Use. For clarity, Google Maps Content contained in Grounded Output remains subject to use restrictions applicable to Google Maps Content in the Agreement, including the prohibition on model training. As a limited exception:
10.2.1 to the prohibition on using Google Maps Content to create content, Customer may use the Maps Grounding Lite API to ground a LLM to generate and display Grounded Output to End Users if (i) Customer complies with the Generative AI Prohibited Use Policy described at https://policies.google.com/terms/generative-ai/use-policy and (ii) Customer includes associated Google Maps source links with the Grounded Output;
10.2.2 to the prohibition on caching or storing Google Maps Content, Customer may cache Grounded Output for up to thirty (30) consecutive days solely for the purpose of evaluating and optimizing the performance or display of the Grounded Output for the Customer Application.
10.3 Additional Restrictions. In addition to the license restrictions in the Agreement, Customer will not, and will not permit its End Users or third-parties to, do any of the following:
10.3.1 attempt to extract or otherwise separate Google Maps Content from the Grounded Output;
10.3.2 use Grounded Output to train, develop, or improve any machine learning models or artificial intelligence systems;
10.3.3 modify or intersperse content with the Grounded Output, insert interstitial content, or redirect users away from or inhibit the full display of any destination page.
10.4 No Responsibility for LLMs. Google is not responsible for the acts or omissions of any LLM provider. This includes, without limitation: (i) the accuracy or factual correctness of Grounded Output produced by an LLM, and (ii) excessive usage charges resulting from an LLM’s automated request behavior.
11. Navigation Connect API
The following terms apply to the Navigation Connect API.
11.1 Definitions.
"Covered Person" has the meaning given in 28 C.F.R. § 202.211.
"Country of Concern" has the meaning given in 28 C.F.R. § 202.209 and includes China, Cuba, North Korea, Iran, Russia, and Venezuela. 
"ISV" means a Customer that integrates the Service to provide functionality to third parties.
"U.S. Data" means user location data of U.S. persons obtained through the Navigation Connect API.
11.2 U.S. Data Restrictions.
11.2.1 Identity Verification. Access to or continued use of U.S. Data is conditional upon Customer’s successful completion of identity verification. Google reserves the right to require Customer to verify its identity at any time. Customer must provide current, complete, and accurate evidence of its identity and legal business existence upon request.
11.2.2 Covered Persons. When accessing U.S. Data, Customer represents and warrants that it is not a Covered Person and is not domiciled in a Country of Concern. Google may terminate access if Customer becomes a Covered Person or violates applicable U.S. regulations regarding Covered Persons. Customer may not send U.S. Data to, or facilitate the collection of U.S. Data by, a Covered Person.
11.3 Data Protection and Consent. Customer must provide a current and accurate Privacy Policy to Google for display on the user consent screen.
11.3.1 Controller Role. If Customer is a Data Controller (including an ISV acting as a Data Controller), Customer must provide its entity name and Privacy Policy for display to the end user to obtain consent. Customer must comply with such Privacy Policy and the terms described in the user consent.
11.3.2 Processor Role. If Customer is acting solely as a Data Processor, Customer is not required to be displayed in the consent flow. However, the Customer must provide the entity name and Privacy Policy for the relevant Data Controller for display to the end user to obtain consent. Customer must ensure the Data Controller’s compliance with such Privacy Policy and the terms described in the user consent.
11.4 Permitted and Prohibited Use.
11.4.1 Permitted Use. Customer may use the Google Maps Content provided by the Navigation Connect API only for operational optimization, including improving service quality and supporting driver performance.
11.4.2 Prohibited Use. Customer may not use Google Maps Content collected via the Navigation Connect API as a basis for adverse employment actions. This data shall not be used to monitor individual employee productivity for the purpose of disciplinary action, performance reviews, or termination.
11.5 Use without a Google Map. Customer may use Google Maps Content from the Navigation Connect API in Customer Applications without a corresponding Google Map.
11.6 No Use with a non-Google map. Customer must not use Google Maps Content from the Navigation Connect API in conjunction with a non-Google map.
11.7 Attribution. Customer must display the relevant Google Maps or Waze branding to users on the Customer application as described in the Documentation.
11.8 Caching. Customer may temporarily cache latitude (lat), longitude (lng), distance, duration, time, and estimated time of arrival values for up to 30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached values.
12. Navigation SDK
12.1 Use without a Google Map. Customer may use Google Maps Content from the Navigation SDK in Customer Applications without a corresponding Google Map.
12.2 No Use with a non-Google map. Customer must not use Google Maps Content from the Navigation SDK in conjunction with a non-Google map.
12.3 Caching. Customer may temporarily cache latitude (lat) and longitude (lng) values from the Navigation SDK for up to 30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached latitude and longitude values.
13. Places Aggregate API
13.1 Customer Values. For purposes of this Section 13.1 (Places Aggregate API), "Customer Value" means content created by combining POI Counts and third-party data or a metric Customer creates using proprietary business logic and that is substantially transformed in accordance with this Section 13.1 (Customer Values). Customer may use total counts of points of interest returned by the Places Aggregate API ("POI Count") to create Customer Values, if Customer ensures:
(a) that the resulting Customer Value cannot be used as a substitute for POI Counts; or
(b) that Customer and Customer’s End Users do not reverse engineer POI Count(s) or otherwise deduce from Customer Values.
13.2 Caching. Customer may temporarily cache the POI Count for 30 consecutive calendar days solely for the purpose of calculating the Customer Value, after which Customer must delete the cached POI Count.
13.3 Consumer Protections. Customer will not use the Places Aggregate API in any manner that (i) violates any consumer protection laws or guidelines or (ii) directly or indirectly results in any decisions, scoring, or assessments by the Customer or any third-party regarding an individual that relates to housing, employment, credit, or insurance.
14. Places API (Legacy and New)
14.1 Use without a Google Map. Customer may use Google Maps Content from the Places API in Customer Applications without a corresponding Google Map.
14.2 No use with a non-Google map. Customer must not use Google Maps Content from the Places API in conjunction with a non-Google map.
14.3 Caching. Customer may temporarily cache latitude and longitude values from the Places API for up to 30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached latitude and longitude values.
15. Places UI Kit
15.1 Places UI Kit usage. Customer may use Places UI Kit in Customer Applications with or without any map, including a non-Google Map. This clause will prevail over the No Use with Non-Google Maps clause of the Agreement.
15.2 Caching. Customer may temporarily cache latitude and longitude values from the Places UI Kit for up to 30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached latitude and longitude values.
15.3 Use of Third-party products. To the extent that Customer uses Places UI Kit with third-party products or services in its Customer Application, Customer does so at its own discretion. Customer is responsible for (a) compliance with any applicable laws, regulations, industry standards or other requirements; (b) any misalignment that may arise from such use; and (c) ensuring that any use with a third-party service is compliant with the restrictions in the Agreement, including, without limitation, the restrictions against caching and exporting Google Maps Content and creating content from Google Maps Content; and (d) complying with Google’s attribution requirements including making it clear to the End User what is Google Maps Content and what content is not from Google. Google does not warrant or endorse, and will not have any liability or responsibility to Customer or any other person for, Customer's use of third-party products or services or their combination with the Services.
15.4 No Alteration of Google Attribution, Links, or Notices. Customer may not remove, alter, or obscure Google provided attribution, links to terms, or user-facing notices.
16. Pollen API
16.1 Permitted Use. Customer may use the data retrieved from Pollen API in (a) pollen based routing solutions developed by Customer and (b) Customer environmental risk indices, insights, and forecasts.
16.2 Caching. Customer may temporarily cache the applicable Google Maps Content from the Pollen API for the applicable Caching Period pursuant to Table 16.2.1 (Caching Permissions).
Table 16.2.1 (Pollen API Caching Permissions)

Google Maps Content

Caching Period

Today's Forecast values

365 consecutive calendar days , after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Forecasts values

24 hours, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Heatmap values

24 hours, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Google Maps Content

Caching Period

Today's Forecast values

365 consecutive calendar days , after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Forecasts values

24 hours, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Heatmap values

24 hours, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

17. Roads API
17.1 Use without a Google Map. Customer may use Google Maps Content from the Roads API in Customer Applications without a corresponding Google Map.
17.2 No use with a non-Google map. Customer must not use Google Maps Content from the Roads API in conjunction with a non-Google map.
17.3 Caching. Customer may temporarily cache latitude and longitude values from the Roads API for up to 30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached latitude and longitude values.

18. Route Optimization API
18.1 Use without a Google Map. Customer may use Google Maps Content from the Route Optimization API in Customer Applications without a corresponding Google Map.
18.2 No use with a non-Google map. Customer must not use Google Maps Content from the Route Optimization API in conjunction with a non-Google map.
18.3 Caching. Customer may temporarily cache latitude (lat) and longitude (lng) values from the Route Optimization API for up to 30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached latitude and longitude values.
18.4 SLA Exclusion. Route Optimization API is not covered by the Google Maps Platform Service Level Agreement.

19. Routes API
19.1 Use without a Google Map. Customer may use Google Maps Content from the Routes API in Customer Applications without a corresponding Google Map.
19.2 No use with a non-Google map. Customer must not use Google Maps Content from the Routes API in conjunction with a non-Google map.
19.3 Caching. Customer may temporarily cache latitude (lat) and longitude (lng) values from the Routes API for up to 30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached latitude and longitude values.

20. Solar API
20.1 Permitted Use. Customer may use the Solar API only (a) to determine the feasibility of installing energy systems for a particular address or geographic area, (b) to design or install an energy system, or (c) for a Downstream Transaction. A "Downstream Transaction" means (i) the design of an energy system requested by a user for a particular address, (ii) the preparation and delivery of a commercial proposal for an energy system that is requested by a user for a particular address, or (iii) the preparation and delivery of marketing materials for an energy system where a user has opted-in to receiving such materials.
20.2 Caching. Customer may temporarily cache the "Building Insights" and "Data Layers" from the Solar API ("Solar Data") for up to 30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached Solar Data. The deletion obligation does not apply to Solar Data incorporated into fixed media (e.g. energy system design, feasibility study, commercial proposal, marketing materials) for use in a Downstream Transaction.

21. Weather API
21.1 Restrictions. Customers may not use Google Maps Content retrieved from Weather API to recreate a Google service or product (e.g. use data retrieved from Weather API in a weather app or weather model whose primary purpose is to provide weather information).
21.2 Caching. Customers may temporarily cache the applicable Google Maps Content from the Weather API for the applicable Caching Period, pursuant to Table 21.2.1 (Weather API Caching Permissions).
21.2.1 (Weather API Caching Permissions)

Google Maps Content

Caching Period

Current condition

one hour, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Hourly Forecast values

one hour, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Today's Forecast values

30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Daily Forecast values

24 hours, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Hourly history

240 hours, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Public Alert values

one hour, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Google Maps Content

Caching Period

Current condition

one hour, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Hourly Forecast values

one hour, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Today's Forecast values

30 consecutive calendar days, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Daily Forecast values

24 hours, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Hourly history

240 hours, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

Public Alert values

one hour, after which Customer must delete the cached Google Maps Content

C. ANALYTICS SERVICE TERMS
The Service Specific Terms for Google Maps Platform Analytics Services can be found at https://cloud.google.com/terms/maps-platform/maps-analytics-service-terms and are incorporated into these Service Specific Terms. The Analytics Service Specific Terms apply to Customer’s use of Analytics Services (as described in the Analytics Services Summary: https://cloud.google.com/terms/maps-platform/maps-analytics-services).

Previous versions (Last modified June 10, 2026)
June 4, 2026June 2, 2026April 22, 2026November 18, 2025October 1, 2025September 4, 2025June 30, 2025June 4, 2025May 1, 2025March 31, 2025September 9, 2024July 15, 2024May 22, 2024May 15, 2024April 22, 2024October 25, 2023August 28, 2023August 8, 2023May 9, 2023February 3, 2023November 9, 2022April 4, 2022June 14, 2020March 24, 2020October 15, 2018July 19, 2018May 1, 2018

menu
OverviewSolutionsProductsPricingResourcesDocsSupportContact us

&#xE8B6;
searchsend

DocsSupport
ConsoleSign in

Start free

Start free

Contact us

closeAccelerate your digital transformation
Whether your business is early in its journey or well on its way to digital transformation, Google Cloud can help solve your toughest challenges.
Learn more

Key benefits
Why Google Cloud
Top reasons businesses choose us.

AI and Agents
Get enterprise-ready AI.

Multicloud
Run your apps wherever you need them.

Global infrastructure
Build on the same infrastructure as Google.

Data Cloud
Make smarter decisions with unified data.

Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Next generation of cloud infrastructure.

Security
Protect your users, data, and apps.

Productivity and collaboration
Connect your teams with AI-powered apps.

Reports and insights
Executive insights
Curated C-suite perspectives.

Analyst reports
Read what industry analysts say about us.

Whitepapers
Browse and download popular whitepapers.

Customer stories
Explore case studies and videos.

closeIndustry Solutions
Application Modernization
Artificial Intelligence
APIs and Applications
Data Analytics
Databases
Infrastructure
Productivity and Collaboration
Security
Startups and SMB
See all solutions

Industry Solutions
Reduce cost, increase operational agility, and capture new market opportunities.

Retail
Analytics and collaboration tools for the retail value chain.

Consumer Packaged Goods
Solutions for CPG digital transformation and brand growth.

Financial Services
Computing, data management, and analytics tools for financial services.

Healthcare and Life Sciences
Advance research at scale and empower healthcare innovation.

Media and Entertainment
Solutions for content production and distribution operations.

Telecommunications
Hybrid and multi-cloud services to deploy and monetize 5G.

Games
AI-driven solutions to build and scale games faster.

Manufacturing
Migration and AI tools to optimize the manufacturing value chain.

Supply Chain and Logistics
Enable sustainable, efficient, and resilient data-driven operations across supply chain and logistics operations.

Government
Data storage, AI, and analytics solutions for government agencies.

Education
Teaching tools to provide more engaging learning experiences.

Not seeing what you're looking for?
See all industry solutions

Application Modernization
Assess, plan, implement, and measure software practices and capabilities to modernize and simplify your organization’s business application portfolios.

CAMP
Program that uses DORA to improve your software delivery capabilities.

Modernize Traditional Applications
Analyze, categorize, and get started with cloud migration on traditional workloads.

Migrate from PaaS: Cloud Foundry, Openshift
Tools for moving your existing containers into Google's managed container services.

Migrate from Mainframe
Automated tools and prescriptive guidance for moving your mainframe apps to the cloud.

Modernize Software Delivery
Software supply chain best practices - innerloop productivity, CI/CD and S3C.

DevOps Best Practices
Processes and resources for implementing DevOps in your org.

SRE Principles
Tools and resources for adopting SRE in your org.

Platform Engineering
Comprehensive suite of managed services and Golden Paths to build, manage, and scale IDPs.

Architect for Multicloud
Manage workloads across multiple clouds with a consistent platform.

Artificial Intelligence
Add intelligence and efficiency to your business with AI and machine learning.

Gemini Enterprise for Customer Experience
Build and manage agents that live across the entire customer lifecycle.

Gemini Enterprise
Unified agentic portfolio for your entire organization.

AI Commerce Search
Google-quality search and product recommendations for retailers.

Google Cloud with Gemini
AI assistants for application development, coding, and more.

Physical AI
Simulate, train, and operate the next generation of robots, autonomous vehicles, industrial devices, and machines.

APIs and Applications
Speed up the pace of innovation without coding, using APIs, apps, and automation.

New Business Channels Using APIs
Attract and empower an ecosystem of developers and partners.

Unlocking Legacy Applications Using APIs
Cloud services for extending and modernizing legacy apps.

Open Banking APIx
Simplify and accelerate secure delivery of open banking compliant APIs.

Data Analytics
Generate instant insights from data at any scale with a serverless, fully managed analytics platform that significantly simplifies analytics.

Data Migration
Migrate and modernize your data warehouse and data lakes with AI-powered migration services.

Data Lakehouse
Unify and govern your multimodal data with a high-performance and open data lakehouse.

Real-time Analytics
Insights from ingesting, processing, and analyzing event streams.

Marketing Analytics
Solutions for collecting, analyzing, and activating customer data.

Datasets
Data from Google, public, and commercial providers to enrich your analytics and AI initiatives.

Business Intelligence
Solutions for modernizing your BI stack and creating rich data experiences.

Data Analytics Agents
Built-in agents for data lifecycle and tools to build your own agents.

Geospatial Analytics
A comprehensive platform to solve for geospatial use cases at scale.

Data Science
Managed services and integrated workflows to build, manage, and scale data science.

Databases
Migrate and manage enterprise data with security, reliability, high availability, and fully managed data services.

Database Migration
Guides and tools to simplify your database migration life cycle.

Database Modernization
Upgrades to modernize your operational database infrastructure.

Databases for Games
Build global, live games with Google Cloud databases.

Google Cloud Databases
Database services to migrate, manage, and modernize data.

Migrate Oracle workloads to Google Cloud
Rehost, replatform, rewrite your Oracle workloads.

Open Source Databases
Fully managed open source databases with enterprise-grade support.

SQL Server on Google Cloud
Options for running SQL Server virtual machines on Google Cloud.

Gemini for Databases
Supercharge database development and management with AI.

Infrastructure
Migrate quickly with solutions for SAP, VMware, Windows, Oracle, and other workloads.

Application Migration
Discovery and analysis tools for moving to the cloud.

SAP on Google Cloud
Certifications for running SAP applications and SAP HANA.

High Performance Computing
Compute, storage, and networking options to support any workload.

Windows on Google Cloud
Tools and partners for running Windows workloads.

Data Center Migration
Migration solutions for VMs, apps, databases, and more.

Active Assist
Automatic cloud resource optimization and increased security.

Virtual Desktops
Remote work solutions for desktops and applications (VDI & DaaS).

Rapid Migration and Modernization Program
End-to-end migration program to simplify your path to the cloud.

Backup and Disaster Recovery
Ensure your business continuity needs are met.

Red Hat on Google Cloud
Google and Red Hat provide an enterprise-grade platform for traditional on-prem and custom applications.

Cross-Cloud Network
Simplify hybrid and multicloud networking, and secure your workloads, data, and users.

AI Infrastructure
Train, serve and operate your AI applications on the agent-native infrastructure powering Google.

Productivity and Collaboration
Change the way teams work with solutions designed for humans and built for impact.

Google Workspace
Collaboration and productivity tools for enterprises.

Google Workspace Essentials
Secure video meetings and modern collaboration for teams.

Cloud Identity
Unified platform for IT admins to manage user devices and apps.

Chrome Enterprise
ChromeOS, Chrome Browser, and Chrome devices built for business.

Security
Detect, investigate, and respond to online threats to help protect your business.

Agentic SOC
Delivering better security outcomes with AI agents.

Web App and API Protection
Threat and fraud protection for your web applications and APIs.

Security and Resilience Framework
Solutions for each phase of the security and resilience life cycle.

Risk and compliance as code (RCaC)
Solution to modernize your governance, risk, and compliance function with automation.

Software Supply Chain Security
Solution for improving end-to-end software supply chain security.

Security Foundation
Recommended products to help achieve a strong security posture.

Google Cloud Cybershield™
Strengthen nationwide cyber defense.

Startups and SMB
Accelerate startup and SMB growth with tailored solutions and programs.

Startup Program
Get financial, business, and technical support to take your startup to the next level.

Small and Medium Business
Explore solutions for web hosting, app development, AI, and analytics.

Software as a Service
Build better SaaS products, scale efficiently, and grow your business.

closeFeatured Products
AI and Machine Learning
Business Intelligence
Compute
Containers
Data Analytics
Databases
Developer Tools
Distributed Cloud
Hybrid and Multicloud
Industry Specific
Integration Services
Management Tools
Maps and Geospatial
Media Services
Migration
Networking
Operations
Productivity and Collaboration
Security and Identity
Serverless
Storage
Web3
See all products (100+)

Featured Products

Gemini Enterprise app
Secure platform to discover, create, run, and govern AI agents for employees.

Agent Platform
Unified platform for ML models, generative AI, and agent building.

Compute Engine
Virtual machines running in Google’s data center.

Cloud Storage
Object storage that’s secure, durable, and scalable.

BigQuery
Autonomous data to AI platform for analytics and data science.

Cloud Run
Fully managed environment for running containerized apps.

Google Kubernetes Engine
Managed environment for running containerized apps.

Looker
Platform for BI, data applications, and embedded analytics.

Apigee API Management
Manage the full life cycle of APIs anywhere with visibility and control.

Cloud SQL
Relational database services for MySQL, PostgreSQL and SQL Server.

Cloud CDN
Content delivery network for delivering web and video.

Not seeing what you're looking for?
See all products (100+)

AI and Machine Learning

Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform
Unified platform for ML models, generative AI, and agent building.

Gemini Enterprise app
Secure platform to discover, create, run, and govern AI agents for employees.

Gemini Enterprise for Customer Experience
Build and manage agents that live across the entire customer lifecycle.

Model Garden
Single place to discover over 200 models from Google and Google partners.

Customer Experience Agent Studio
Build conversational AI with both deterministic and gen AI functionality.

Agent Search
Build Google-quality search for your enterprise apps and experiences.

Speech-to-Text
Speech recognition and transcription across 125 languages.

Text-to-Speech
Speech synthesis in 220+ voices and 40+ languages.

Translation AI
Language detection, translation, and glossary support.

Vision AI
Custom and pre-trained models to detect emotion, text, and more.

Contact Center as a Service
Omnichannel contact center solution that is native to the cloud.

Not seeing what you're looking for?
See all AI and machine learning products

Business Intelligence
Looker
Platform for BI, data applications, and embedded analytics.

Data Studio
Interactive data suite for dashboarding, reporting, and analytics.

Compute

Compute Engine
Virtual machines running in Google’s data center.

App Engine
Serverless application platform for apps and back ends.

Cloud GPUs
GPUs for ML, scientific computing, and 3D visualization.

Migrate to Virtual Machines
Server and virtual machine migration to Compute Engine.

Spot VMs
Compute instances for batch jobs and fault-tolerant workloads.

Batch
Fully managed service for scheduling batch jobs.

Sole-Tenant Nodes
Dedicated hardware for compliance, licensing, and management.

Bare Metal
Infrastructure to run specialized workloads on Google Cloud.

Recommender
Usage recommendations for Google Cloud products and services.

VMware Engine
Fully managed, native VMware Cloud Foundation software stack.

Cloud Run
Fully managed environment for running containerized apps.

Not seeing what you're looking for?
See all compute products

Containers

Google Kubernetes Engine
Managed environment for running containerized apps.

Cloud Run
Fully managed environment for running containerized apps.

Cloud Build
Solution for running build steps in a Docker container.

Artifact Registry
Package manager for build artifacts and dependencies.

Cloud Code
IDE support to write, run, and debug Kubernetes applications.

Cloud Deploy
Fully managed continuous delivery to GKE and Cloud Run.

Migrate to Containers
Components for migrating VMs into system containers on GKE.

Deep Learning Containers
Containers with data science frameworks, libraries, and tools.

Knative
Components to create Kubernetes-native cloud-based software.

Data Analytics

BigQuery
Autonomous data to AI platform for analytics and data science.

Managed Service for Apache Spark
Zero-ops serverless or managed clusters, accelerated by Lightning Engine.

Dataflow
Real-time analytics for stream and batch processing.

Looker
Platform for BI, data applications, and embedded analytics.

Lakehouse
Open lakehouse platform with enterprise storage and performance capabilities.

Pub/Sub
Messaging service for event ingestion and delivery.

Managed Service for Apache Airflow
Workflow orchestration service built on Apache Airflow.

Knowledge Catalog
Always-on catalog for AI that provides universal context for agents.

Data Analytics Agents
Built-in agents for data lifecycle and tools to build your own agents.

Data Analytics Migration Services
Free-to-use, cloud-native and AI-powered data migration services.

Managed Service for Apache Kafka
Managed Kafka service to operate highly available Apache Kafka clusters.

Not seeing what you're looking for?
See all data analytics products

Databases

AlloyDB for PostgreSQL
Fully managed, PostgreSQL-compatible database for enterprise workloads.

Cloud SQL
Fully managed database for MySQL, PostgreSQL, and SQL Server.

Firestore
Highly scalable and serverless NoSQL document database, with MongoDB compatibility.

Spanner
Cloud-native relational database with unlimited scale and 99.999% availability.

Bigtable
Cloud-native wide-column database for large-scale, low-latency workloads.

Datastream
Serverless change data capture and replication service.

Database Migration Service
Serverless, minimal downtime migrations to Cloud SQL.

Bare Metal Solution
Fully managed infrastructure for your Oracle workloads.

Memorystore
Fully managed Redis and Memcached for sub-millisecond data access.

Developer Tools

Artifact Registry
Universal package manager for build artifacts and dependencies.

Cloud Code
IDE support to write, run, and debug Kubernetes applications.

Cloud Build
Continuous integration and continuous delivery platform.

Cloud Deploy
Fully managed continuous delivery to GKE and Cloud Run.

Cloud Deployment Manager
Service for creating and managing Google Cloud resources.

Cloud SDK
Command-line tools and libraries for Google Cloud.

Cloud Scheduler
Cron job scheduler for task automation and management.

Cloud Source Repositories
Private Git repository to store, manage, and track code.

Infrastructure Manager
Automate infrastructure management with Terraform.

Cloud Workstations
Managed and secure development environments in the cloud.

Gemini Code Assist
AI-powered assistant available across Google Cloud and your IDE.

Not seeing what you're looking for?
See all developer tools

Distributed Cloud

Google Distributed Cloud Connected
Distributed cloud services for edge workloads.

Google Distributed Cloud Air-gapped
Distributed cloud for air-gapped workloads.

Hybrid and Multicloud
Google Kubernetes Engine
Managed environment for running containerized apps.

Apigee API Management
API management, development, and security platform.

Migrate to Containers
Tool to move workloads and existing applications to GKE.

Cloud Build
Service for executing builds on Google Cloud infrastructure.

Observability
Monitoring, logging, and application performance suite.

Cloud Service Mesh
Fully managed service mesh based on Envoy and Istio.

Google Distributed Cloud
Fully managed solutions for the edge and data centers.

Industry Specific
Anti Money Laundering AI
Detect suspicious, potential money laundering activity with AI.

Cloud Healthcare API
Solution for bridging existing care systems and apps on Google Cloud.

Device Connect for Fitbit
Gain a 360-degree patient view with connected Fitbit data on Google Cloud.

Telecom Network Automation
Ready to use cloud-native automation for telecom networks.

Telecom Data Fabric
Telecom data management and analytics with an automated approach.

Telecom Subscriber Insights
Ingests data to improve subscriber acquisition and retention.

Spectrum Access System (SAS)
Controls fundamental access to the Citizens Broadband Radio Service (CBRS).

Integration Services

Application Integration
Connect to 3rd party apps and enable data consistency without code.

Workflows
Workflow orchestration for serverless products and API services.

Apigee API Management
Manage the full life cycle of APIs anywhere with visibility and control.

Cloud Tasks
Task management service for asynchronous task execution.

Cloud Scheduler
Cron job scheduler for task automation and management.

Managed Service for Apache Spark
Zero-ops serverless or managed clusters, accelerated by Lightning Engine.

Cloud Data Fusion
Data integration for building and managing data pipelines.

Managed Service for Apache Airflow
Workflow orchestration service built on Apache Airflow.

Pub/Sub
Messaging service for event ingestion and delivery.

Eventarc
Build an event-driven architecture that can connect any service.

Management Tools

Cloud Shell
Interactive shell environment with a built-in command line.

Cloud console
Web-based interface for managing and monitoring cloud apps.

Cloud Endpoints
Deployment and development management for APIs on Google Cloud.

Cloud IAM
Permissions management system for Google Cloud resources.

Cloud APIs
Programmatic interfaces for Google Cloud services.

Service Catalog
Service catalog for admins managing internal enterprise solutions.

Cost Management
Tools for monitoring, controlling, and optimizing your costs.

Observability
Monitoring, logging, and application performance suite.

Carbon Footprint
Dashboard to view and export Google Cloud carbon emissions reports.

Config Connector
Kubernetes add-on for managing Google Cloud resources.

Active Assist
Tools for easily managing performance, security, and cost.

Not seeing what you're looking for?
See all management tools

Maps and Geospatial

Earth Engine
Geospatial platform for Earth observation data and analysis.

Google Maps Platform
Create immersive location experiences and improve business operations.

Media Services
Cloud CDN
Content delivery network for serving web and video content.

Live Stream API
Service to convert live video and package for streaming.

OpenCue
Open source render manager for visual effects and animation.

Transcoder API
Convert video files and package them for optimized delivery.

Video Stitcher API
Service for dynamic or server side ad insertion.

Migration

Migration Center
Unified platform for migrating and modernizing with Google Cloud.

Application Migration
App migration to the cloud for low-cost refresh cycles.

Migrate to Virtual Machines
Components for migrating VMs and physical servers to Compute Engine.

Cloud Foundation Toolkit
Reference templates for Deployment Manager and Terraform.

Database Migration Service
Serverless, minimal downtime migrations to Cloud SQL.

Migrate to Containers
Components for migrating VMs into system containers on GKE.

Data Analytics Migration Services
Streamlined data warehouse and data lake migration tooling and incentives.

Rapid Migration and Modernization Program
End-to-end migration program to simplify your path to the cloud.

Transfer Appliance
Storage server for moving large volumes of data to Google Cloud.

Storage Transfer Service
Data transfers from online and on-premises sources to Cloud Storage.

VMware Engine
Migrate and run your VMware workloads natively on Google Cloud.

Networking

Cloud Armor
Security policies and defense against web and DDoS attacks.

Cloud CDN and Media CDN
Content delivery network for serving web and video content.

Cloud DNS
Domain name system for reliable and low-latency name lookups.

Cloud Load Balancing
Service for distributing traffic across applications and regions.

Cloud NAT
NAT service for giving private instances internet access.

Cloud Connectivity
Connectivity options for VPN, peering, and enterprise needs.

Network Connectivity Center
Connectivity management to help simplify and scale networks.

Network Intelligence Center
Network monitoring, verification, and optimization platform.

Network Service Tiers
Cloud network options based on performance, availability, and cost.

Virtual Private Cloud
Single VPC for an entire organization, isolated within projects.

Private Service Connect
Secure connection between your VPC and services.

Not seeing what you're looking for?
See all networking products

Operations

Cloud Logging
Google Cloud audit, platform, and application logs management.

Cloud Monitoring
Infrastructure and application health with rich metrics.

Error Reporting
Application error identification and analysis.

Managed Service for Prometheus
Fully-managed Prometheus on Google Cloud.

Cloud Trace
Tracing system collecting latency data from applications.

Cloud Profiler
CPU and heap profiler for analyzing application performance.

Cloud Quotas
Manage quotas for all Google Cloud services.

Productivity and Collaboration
AppSheet
No-code development platform to build and extend applications.

AppSheet Automation
Build automations and applications on a unified platform.

Gemini Enterprise app
Secure platform to discover, create, run, and govern AI agents for employees.

Google Workspace
Collaboration and productivity tools for individuals and organizations.

Google Workspace Essentials
Secure video meetings and modern collaboration for teams.

Cloud Identity
Unified platform for IT admins to manage user devices and apps.

Chrome Enterprise
ChromeOS, Chrome browser, and Chrome devices built for business.

Security and Identity

Cloud IAM
Permissions management system for Google Cloud resources.

Sensitive Data Protection
Discover, classify, and protect your valuable data assets.

Mandiant Managed Defense
Find and eliminate threats with confidence 24x7.

Google Threat Intelligence
Know who’s targeting you.

Security Command Center
Platform for defending against threats to your Google Cloud assets.

Cloud Key Management
Manage encryption keys on Google Cloud.

Mandiant Incident Response
Minimize the impact of a breach.

Chrome Enterprise Premium
Get secure enterprise browsing with extensive endpoint visibility.

Assured Workloads
Compliance and security controls for sensitive workloads.

Google Security Operations
Detect, investigate, and respond to cyber threats.

Mandiant Consulting
Get expert guidance before, during, and after an incident.

Not seeing what you're looking for?
See all security and identity products

Serverless

Cloud Run
Fully managed environment for running containerized apps.

Cloud Functions
Platform for creating functions that respond to cloud events.

App Engine
Serverless application platform for apps and back ends.

Workflows
Workflow orchestration for serverless products and API services.

API Gateway
Develop, deploy, secure, and manage APIs with a fully managed gateway.

Storage

Cloud Storage
Object storage that’s secure, durable, and scalable.

Block Storage
High-performance storage for AI, analytics, databases, and enterprise applications.

Filestore
File storage that is highly scalable and secure.

Persistent Disk
Block storage for virtual machine instances running on Google Cloud.

Cloud Storage for Firebase
Object storage for storing and serving user-generated content.

Local SSD
Block storage that is locally attached for high-performance needs.

Storage Transfer Service
Data transfers from online and on-premises sources to Cloud Storage.

Google Cloud Managed Lustre
High performance managed parallel file service.

Google Cloud NetApp Volumes
File storage service for NFS, SMB, and multi-protocol environments.

Backup and DR Service
Service for centralized, application-consistent data protection.

Web3

Blockchain Node Engine
Fully managed node hosting for developing on the blockchain.

Blockchain RPC
Enterprise-grade RPC for building on the blockchain.

closeSave money with our transparent approach to pricing
Google Cloud's pay-as-you-go pricing offers automatic savings based on monthly usage and discounted rates for prepaid resources. Contact us today to get a quote.
Request a quote

Pricing overview and tools
Google Cloud pricing
Pay only for what you use with no lock-in.

Pricing calculator
Calculate your cloud savings.

Google Cloud free tier
Explore products with free monthly usage.

Cost optimization framework
Get best practices to optimize workload costs.

Cost management tools
Tools to monitor and control your costs.

Product-specific Pricing
Compute Engine

Cloud SQL

Google Kubernetes Engine

Cloud Storage

BigQuery

See full price list with 100+ products

closeLearn & build
Google Cloud Free Program
$300 in free credits and 20+ free products.

Solution Generator
Get AI generated solution recommendations.

Quickstarts
Get tutorials and walkthroughs.

Blog
Read our latest product news and stories.

Learning Hub
Grow your career with role-based training.

Google Cloud certification
Prepare and register for certifications.

Cloud computing basics
Learn more about cloud computing basics.

Cloud Architecture Center
Get reference architectures and best practices.

Connect
Innovators
Join Google Cloud's developer program.

Developer Center
Stay in the know and stay connected.

Events and webinars
Browse upcoming and on demand events.

Google Cloud Community
Ask questions, find answers, and connect.

Consulting and Partners
Google Cloud Consulting
Work with our experts on cloud projects.

Google Cloud Marketplace
Deploy ready-to-go solutions in a few clicks.

Find a partner
Explore the benefits of working with a partner.

Google Cloud partners
Learn about the ecosystem and resources.

close

Overviewarrow_forward

Solutionsarrow_forward

Productsarrow_forward

Pricingarrow_forward

Resourcesarrow_forward

Docs
Support
Console

Accelerate your digital transformation
Learn more
Key benefits
Why Google Cloud
AI and Agents
Multicloud
Global infrastructure
Data Cloud
Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Security
Productivity and collaboration
Reports and insights
Executive insights
Analyst reports
Whitepapers
Customer stories
Industry Solutions
Retail
Consumer Packaged Goods
Financial Services
Healthcare and Life Sciences
Media and Entertainment
Telecommunications
Games
Manufacturing
Supply Chain and Logistics
Government
Education
See all industry solutions
See all solutions
Application Modernization
CAMP
Modernize Traditional Applications
Migrate from PaaS: Cloud Foundry, Openshift
Migrate from Mainframe
Modernize Software Delivery
DevOps Best Practices
SRE Principles
Platform Engineering
Architect for Multicloud
Artificial Intelligence
Gemini Enterprise for Customer Experience
Gemini Enterprise
AI Commerce Search
Google Cloud with Gemini
Physical AI
APIs and Applications
New Business Channels Using APIs
Unlocking Legacy Applications Using APIs
Open Banking APIx
Data Analytics
Data Migration
Data Lakehouse
Real-time Analytics
Marketing Analytics
Datasets
Business Intelligence
Data Analytics Agents
Geospatial Analytics
Data Science
Databases
Database Migration
Database Modernization
Databases for Games
Google Cloud Databases
Migrate Oracle workloads to Google Cloud
Open Source Databases
SQL Server on Google Cloud
Gemini for Databases
Infrastructure
Application Migration
SAP on Google Cloud
High Performance Computing
Windows on Google Cloud
Data Center Migration
Active Assist
Virtual Desktops
Rapid Migration and Modernization Program
Backup and Disaster Recovery
Red Hat on Google Cloud
Cross-Cloud Network
AI Infrastructure
Productivity and Collaboration
Google Workspace
Google Workspace Essentials
Cloud Identity
Chrome Enterprise
Security
Agentic SOC
Web App and API Protection
Security and Resilience Framework
Risk and compliance as code (RCaC)
Software Supply Chain Security
Security Foundation
Google Cloud Cybershield™
Startups and SMB
Startup Program
Small and Medium Business
Software as a Service
Featured Products
Gemini Enterprise app
Agent Platform
Compute Engine
Cloud Storage
BigQuery
Cloud Run
Google Kubernetes Engine
Looker
Apigee API Management
Cloud SQL
Cloud CDN
See all products (100+)
AI and Machine Learning
Gemini Enterprise Agent Platform
Gemini Enterprise app
Gemini Enterprise for Customer Experience
Model Garden
Customer Experience Agent Studio
Agent Search
Speech-to-Text
Text-to-Speech
Translation AI
Vision AI
Contact Center as a Service
See all AI and machine learning products
Business Intelligence
Looker
Data Studio
Compute
Compute Engine
App Engine
Cloud GPUs
Migrate to Virtual Machines
Spot VMs
Batch
Sole-Tenant Nodes
Bare Metal
Recommender
VMware Engine
Cloud Run
See all compute products
Containers
Google Kubernetes Engine
Cloud Run
Cloud Build
Artifact Registry
Cloud Code
Cloud Deploy
Migrate to Containers
Deep Learning Containers
Knative
Data Analytics
BigQuery
Managed Service for Apache Spark
Dataflow
Looker
Lakehouse
Pub/Sub
Managed Service for Apache Airflow
Knowledge Catalog
Data Analytics Agents
Data Analytics Migration Services
Managed Service for Apache Kafka
See all data analytics products
Databases
AlloyDB for PostgreSQL
Cloud SQL
Firestore
Spanner
Bigtable
Datastream
Database Migration Service
Bare Metal Solution
Memorystore
Developer Tools
Artifact Registry
Cloud Code
Cloud Build
Cloud Deploy
Cloud Deployment Manager
Cloud SDK
Cloud Scheduler
Cloud Source Repositories
Infrastructure Manager
Cloud Workstations
Gemini Code Assist
See all developer tools
Distributed Cloud
Google Distributed Cloud Connected
Google Distributed Cloud Air-gapped
Hybrid and Multicloud
Google Kubernetes Engine
Apigee API Management
Migrate to Containers
Cloud Build
Observability
Cloud Service Mesh
Google Distributed Cloud
Industry Specific
Anti Money Laundering AI
Cloud Healthcare API
Device Connect for Fitbit
Telecom Network Automation
Telecom Data Fabric
Telecom Subscriber Insights
Spectrum Access System (SAS)
Integration Services
Application Integration
Workflows
Apigee API Management
Cloud Tasks
Cloud Scheduler
Managed Service for Apache Spark
Cloud Data Fusion
Managed Service for Apache Airflow
Pub/Sub
Eventarc
Management Tools
Cloud Shell
Cloud console
Cloud Endpoints
Cloud IAM
Cloud APIs
Service Catalog
Cost Management
Observability
Carbon Footprint
Config Connector
Active Assist
See all management tools
Maps and Geospatial
Earth Engine
Google Maps Platform
Media Services
Cloud CDN
Live Stream API
OpenCue
Transcoder API
Video Stitcher API
Migration
Migration Center
Application Migration
Migrate to Virtual Machines
Cloud Foundation Toolkit
Database Migration Service
Migrate to Containers
Data Analytics Migration Services
Rapid Migration and Modernization Program
Transfer Appliance
Storage Transfer Service
VMware Engine
Networking
Cloud Armor
Cloud CDN and Media CDN
Cloud DNS
Cloud Load Balancing
Cloud NAT
Cloud Connectivity
Network Connectivity Center
Network Intelligence Center
Network Service Tiers
Virtual Private Cloud
Private Service Connect
See all networking products
Operations
Cloud Logging
Cloud Monitoring
Error Reporting
Managed Service for Prometheus
Cloud Trace
Cloud Profiler
Cloud Quotas
Productivity and Collaboration
AppSheet
AppSheet Automation
Gemini Enterprise app
Google Workspace
Google Workspace Essentials
Cloud Identity
Chrome Enterprise
Security and Identity
Cloud IAM
Sensitive Data Protection
Mandiant Managed Defense
Google Threat Intelligence
Security Command Center
Cloud Key Management
Mandiant Incident Response
Chrome Enterprise Premium
Assured Workloads
Google Security Operations
Mandiant Consulting
See all security and identity products
Serverless
Cloud Run
Cloud Functions
App Engine
Workflows
API Gateway
Storage
Cloud Storage
Block Storage
Filestore
Persistent Disk
Cloud Storage for Firebase
Local SSD
Storage Transfer Service
Google Cloud Managed Lustre
Google Cloud NetApp Volumes
Backup and DR Service
Web3
Blockchain Node Engine
Blockchain RPC
Save money with our transparent approach to pricing
Request a quote
Pricing overview and tools
Google Cloud pricing
Pricing calculator
Google Cloud free tier
Cost optimization framework
Cost management tools
Product-specific Pricing
Compute Engine
Cloud SQL
Google Kubernetes Engine
Cloud Storage
BigQuery
See full price list with 100+ products
Learn & build
Google Cloud Free Program
Solution Generator
Quickstarts
Blog
Learning Hub
Google Cloud certification
Cloud computing basics
Cloud Architecture Center
Connect
Innovators
Developer Center
Events and webinars
Google Cloud Community
Consulting and Partners
Google Cloud Consulting
Google Cloud Marketplace
Find a partner
Google Cloud partners

Why Google
Choosing Google Cloud
Trust and security
Modern Infrastructure Cloud
Multicloud
Global infrastructure
Locations
Customers and case studies
Analyst reports
Whitepapers
Blog

Products and pricing
Google Cloud pricing
Google Workspace pricing
See all products

Solutions
Infrastructure modernization
Databases
Application modernization
Smart analytics
Artificial Intelligence
Security
Productivity & work transformation
Industry solutions
DevOps solutions
Small business solutions
See all solutions

Resources
Google Cloud Affiliate Program
Google Cloud documentation
Google Cloud quickstarts
Google Cloud Marketplace
Learn about cloud computing
Support
Code samples
Cloud Architecture Center
Training
Certifications
Google for Developers
Google Cloud for Startups
System status
Release Notes

Engage
Contact sales
Find a Partner
Become a Partner
Events
Podcasts
Developer Center
Press Corner
Google Cloud on YouTube
Google Cloud Tech on YouTube
Follow on X
Join User Research
We're hiring. Join Google Cloud!
Community forums

About Google
Privacy
Site terms
Google Cloud terms
Cookies management controls
Our third decade of climate action: join us
Sign up for the Google Cloud newsletterSubscribe

language‪English‬

‪English‬
‪Deutsch‬
‪Español‬
‪Español (Latinoamérica)‬
‪Français‬
‪Indonesia‬
‪Italiano‬
‪Português (Brasil)‬
‪简体中文‬
‪繁體中文‬
‪日本語‬
‪한국어‬


====================================================================================================
SOURCE FILE: google-places-billing.html
(plain-text rendering of the fetched HTML; tags and scripts removed)
====================================================================================================

Places API Usage and Billing | Places API (New) | Google for Developers

Skip to main content

Google

Maps Platform

Products

Pricing

Documentation

Get Started

Get Started with Google Maps Platform

Capabilities Explorer

Pricing & Billing

Security & Compliance

Reporting & Monitoring

FAQ

Support and Resources

Customer Care

Incident Management

Maps

Maps JavaScript API

Maps SDK for Android

Maps SDK for iOS

Google Maps for Flutter

Maps Embed API

Maps Static API

Street View Static API

Maps URLs

Aerial View API

Elevation API

Map Tiles API

Maps Datasets API

Web Components

Routes

Routes API

Navigation SDK for Android

Navigation SDK for iOS

Navigation for Flutter

Navigation for React Native

Roads API

Route Optimization API

Analytics

Google Earth

Places Insights

Population Dynamics Insights

Street View Insights

Roads Management Insights

Places

Places API (New)

Places SDK for Android

Places SDK for iOS

Places Library, Maps JavaScript API

Geocoding API

Geolocation API

Address Validation API

Time Zone API

Places Aggregate API

Isochrones API

Environment

Air Quality API

Pollen API

Solar API

Weather API

Solutions

Architecture Center

Industry solutions

Maps Builder agent

WordPress Users

Additional Resources

API Security Best Practices

Digital Signature Guide

Map Coverage Details

Optimization Guide

Mobile OS and software support

Launch stages

Legacy products

Deprecations

URL Encoding

Blog

Community

GitHub

YouTube

LinkedIn

Discord

Innovators

Issue Tracker

/

English

Deutsch

Español

Español – América Latina

Français

Indonesia

Italiano

Polski

Português – Brasil

Tiếng Việt

Türkçe

Русский

עברית

العربيّة

فارسی

हिंदी

বাংলা

ภาษาไทย

中文 – 简体

中文 – 繁體

日本語

한국어

Sign in

Web Services

Places API (New)

Get Started

Contact sales

Guides

Reference

Resources

Legacy

Google

Maps Platform

Products

Pricing

Documentation

More

Guides

Reference

Resources

Legacy

Blog

Community

More

Support

Support options

Release notes

Places Web Service FAQ

Stay Informed

Terms of Use

Best practices

Web services best practices

Billing and monitoring

Usage and billing

Reporting and monitoring

Policies and terms

Policies and attributions

Terms of service

Get Started

Get Started with Google Maps Platform

Capabilities Explorer

Pricing & Billing

Security & Compliance

Reporting & Monitoring

FAQ

Support and Resources

Customer Care

Incident Management

Maps

Maps JavaScript API

Maps SDK for Android

Maps SDK for iOS

Google Maps for Flutter

Maps Embed API

Maps Static API

Street View Static API

Maps URLs

Aerial View API

Elevation API

Map Tiles API

Maps Datasets API

Web Components

Routes

Routes API

Navigation SDK for Android

Navigation SDK for iOS

Navigation for Flutter

Navigation for React Native

Roads API

Route Optimization API

Analytics

Google Earth

Places Insights

Population Dynamics Insights

Street View Insights

Roads Management Insights

Places

Places API (New)

Places SDK for Android

Places SDK for iOS

Places Library, Maps JavaScript API

Geocoding API

Geolocation API

Address Validation API

Time Zone API

Places Aggregate API

Isochrones API

Environment

Air Quality API

Pollen API

Solar API

Weather API

Solutions

Architecture Center

Industry solutions

Maps Builder agent

WordPress Users

Additional Resources

API Security Best Practices

Digital Signature Guide

Map Coverage Details

Optimization Guide

Mobile OS and software support

Launch stages

Legacy products

Deprecations

URL Encoding

GitHub

YouTube

LinkedIn

Discord

Innovators

Issue Tracker

Home

Products

Google Maps Platform

Documentation

Web Services

Places API (New)

Resources

Send feedback

Places API Usage and Billing

Stay organized with collections

Save and categorize content based on your preferences.

Page Summary

outlined_flag

Google Places API uses a pay-as-you-go model with charges based on specific features (SKUs) used in requests.

You receive a $200 monthly credit that automatically applies to eligible SKUs until February 28, 2025.

Using field masks to specify only the data needed in your requests can help control costs.

Autocomplete sessions, linking Autocomplete requests with Place Details or Address Validation requests, are currently free.

Pricing varies by SKU and usage volume, with tiers adjusting based on the number of requests made per month.

Reminder: To use the Places API, you must enable billing on each of your
projects and include an API key or OAuth token with all API or
SDK requests.

About field masks

For Place Details (New), Nearby Search (New), and
Text Search (New), use the FieldMask header in API requests to specify
the list of fields to return in the response. You are then billed at the highest
SKU applicable to your request. That means if you select fields in both the
Essentials and the Pro SKUs, you are billed based on the Pro SKU.

Using field masking is a good design practice to ensure that you don't request
unnecessary data, which helps to avoid unnecessary processing time and billing
charges.

About Autocomplete (New) sessions

An Autocomplete (New) session includes one or more Autocomplete (New) requests, and a
Place Details (New) request or Address Validation request. The same session token is passed to the
Autocomplete (New) request and to the subsequent Place Details (New) request or Address Validation
request.

A session starts with the first Autocomplete (New) request. A Place Details (New) request or
Address Validation request is then made when the user has selected one of the Autocomplete (New)
suggestions. If a session is abandoned, meaning no Place Details (New) request or
Address Validation request is made, Autocomplete (New) requests are charged as if no session token
was provided.

After a user has selected a place (meaning a Place Details (New) request or Address Validation
request is made), you must start a new session using a new session token.

Note: Session tokens can overlap across projects, but they must
be unique per project. For example, an app using Project A and an app using Project B can use the
same session token, while multiple apps using Project A cannot use the same session token.

A session token is good for one session and cannot be used for more than one
session. If you reuse a session token, the session is considered invalid and the requests are charged as if no session token were provided.

SKU details and pricing for the Places API

The following table shows the pay-as-you-go SKU details and pricing for the Places API.

Category
Places API (New) SKU details
SKU Pricing

Essentials

SKU: Autocomplete Requests

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Essentials

SKU: Autocomplete Session Usage

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Essentials

SKU: Place Details Essentials (IDs Only)

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Essentials

SKU: Place Details Essentials

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Essentials

SKU: Text Search Essentials (IDs Only)

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Pro

SKU: Nearby Search Pro

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Pro

SKU: Place Details Pro

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Pro

SKU: Text Search Pro

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Enterprise

SKU: Nearby Search Enterprise

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Enterprise

SKU: Nearby Search Enterprise + Atmosphere

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Enterprise

SKU: Place Details Enterprise

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Enterprise

SKU: Place Details Enterprise + Atmosphere

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Enterprise

SKU: Text Search Enterprise

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Enterprise

SKU: Text Search Enterprise + Atmosphere

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Enterprise

SKU: Place Details Photos

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Category
Places API (Legacy) SKU details
SKU Pricing

Essentials

SKU: Autocomplete - Per Request

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Essentials

SKU: Autocomplete (included with Place Details) - Per Session

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Essentials

SKU: Basic Data

Additional charges:

SKU: Places Details

SKU: Find Place

SKU: Places - Nearby Search

SKU: Places - Text Search

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Essentials

SKU: Find Place - ID only

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Essentials

SKU: Place Details Essentials - ID Refresh

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Essentials

SKU: Query Autocomplete - Per Request

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Pro

SKU: Autocomplete without Place Details - Per Session

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Pro

SKU: Find Place

Additional charges:

SKU: Basic Data

SKU: Contact Data

SKU: Atmosphere Data

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Pro

SKU: Places - Nearby Search

Additional charges:

SKU: Basic Data

SKU: Contact Data

SKU: Atmosphere Data

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Pro

SKU: Places - Text Search

Additional charges:

SKU: Basic Data

SKU: Contact Data

SKU: Atmosphere Data

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Pro

SKU: Places Details

Additional charges:

SKU: Basic Data

SKU: Contact Data

SKU: Atmosphere Data

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Enterprise

SKU: Atmosphere Data

Additional charges:

SKU: Places Details

SKU: Find Place

SKU: Places - Nearby Search

SKU: Places - Text Search

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Enterprise

SKU: Contact Data

Additional charges:

SKU: Places Details

SKU: Find Place

SKU: Places - Nearby Search

SKU: Places - Text Search

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Enterprise

SKU: Place Photos

Global pricing list

India pricing list

Usage limits

To review and manage your quotas and usage limits, see Quotas and quota
alerts.

Places API (New): The rate limit per minute is per API method per
project. In other words, each API method has a separate quota.

Places API (Legacy): The rate limit per minute is calculated as the sum of
client-side and server-side requests for all applications using the
credentials of the same project.

Cost-effective strategies for the Places API

This section provides ways to optimize your usage and reduce costs associated
with the Places API.

Use field masks

Using field masking ensures that you don't request unnecessary data, which helps
reduce latency and billing charges.

For Place Details (New), Nearby Search (New), and
Text Search (New) requests, use a field mask to specify
the list of fields to return in the response.

You are then billed at the highest SKU applicable to your request. For
example, if you select fields from both the Essentials and Pro SKUs, you are
billed based on the Pro SKU.

Use session pricing with Place Details (New)

If your applications have a monthly call volume of 100,001&ndash;500,000 or greater,
or if users make more than 12 autocomplete requests per session, Google
recommends using sessions with Autocomplete (New). Sessions help simplify
pricing and provide a consistent pricing model for use with
Autocomplete (New).

For more information, see Autocomplete (New) and session
pricing.

Adjust quota

Quota limits define the maximum number of requests allowed for a specific API or service within a
given timeframe. When the number of requests in your project reaches the quota limit, your service
stops responding to requests.

Important: To understand how an increase in quota could affect your bill, check out the
pricing calculator.

To modify a quota value for your API, follow these steps:

In the Cloud console, navigate to Google Maps Platform > Quotas.

Select the API for which you want to modify the quota.

Identify the quota value that you want to change, and select it using the checkbox.

Click Edit, enter a new quota value, and click Submit request.

View quota increase requests

Important: You must have the appropriate IAM permissions to view quota increase requests.

To view all quota increase requests, including past and pending requests:

In the Cloud console, navigate to Google Maps Platform > Quotas.

Select the API for which you want to view the quota increase request.

Click Increase Requests.

Tip: Make sure to monitor your quota usage regularly to avoid service
interruptions. Learn more about quotas and
quota alerts.

Terms of Use restrictions

For information on terms of use, see
policies for the Places API, and the
License Restrictions section
of the Google Maps Platform Terms of Service.

Send feedback

Except as otherwise noted, the content of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License, and code samples are licensed under the Apache 2.0 License. For details, see the Google Developers Site Policies. Java is a registered trademark of Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Last updated 2026-09-24 UTC.

Need to tell us more?

[[["Easy to understand","easyToUnderstand","thumb-up"],["Solved my problem","solvedMyProblem","thumb-up"],["Other","otherUp","thumb-up"]],[["Missing the information I need","missingTheInformationINeed","thumb-down"],["Too complicated / too many steps","tooComplicatedTooManySteps","thumb-down"],["Out of date","outOfDate","thumb-down"],["Samples / code issue","samplesCodeIssue","thumb-down"],["Other","otherDown","thumb-down"]],["Last updated 2026-09-24 UTC."],[],["The Places API uses a pay-as-you-go model with SKUs for billing, including a $200 monthly credit until February 2025. Autocomplete sessions, using unique tokens, bundle requests and are cheaper than individual ones. `FieldMask` is used to limit charges and data retrieval. Place Details, Nearby, and Text Search SKUs are tiered (IDs Only, Location, Basic, Advanced, Preferred) based on the fields requested. Data SKUs are charged additionally. Photo requests have a different SKU and pricing. Billing is influenced by API requests and data fields requested.\n"]]

Stack Overflow

Ask a question under the google-maps tag.

GitHub

Fork our samples and try them yourself.

Discord

Chat with fellow developers about Google Maps Platform.

Issue Tracker

Something wrong? Send us a bug report!

Learn More

FAQ

Capabilities Explorer

Place ID Finder

Platforms

Android

iOS

Web

Web Services

Product Info

Pricing and Plans

Contact Sales

Support

Terms of Service

Android

Chrome

Firebase

Google Cloud Platform

Google AI

All products

Terms

Privacy

Manage cookies

English

Deutsch

Español

Español – América Latina

Français

Indonesia

Italiano

Polski

Português – Brasil

Tiếng Việt

Türkçe

Русский

עברית

العربيّة

فارسی

हिंदी

বাংলা

ภาษาไทย

中文 – 简体

中文 – 繁體

日本語

한국어


====================================================================================================
SOURCE FILE: odpt-developer.html
(plain-text rendering of the fetched HTML; tags and scripts removed)
====================================================================================================

開発者サイト You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.


====================================================================================================
SOURCE FILE: osm-copyright-odbl.html
(plain-text rendering of the fetched HTML; tags and scripts removed)
====================================================================================================

Copyright and License | OpenStreetMap

OpenStreetMap

Edit

Edit with iD (in-browser editor)

Edit with Remote Control (JOSM, Potlatch, Merkaartor)

History

Export

GPS Traces

User Diaries

Communities

Copyright

Help

Donate

About

More

Log In
Sign Up

Select Language

Loading...

Close

Copyright and License

OpenStreetMap provides open map data for thousands of websites, mobile apps, and hardware devices.
OpenStreetMap is built by a community of people like you who contribute and maintain mapping data
about roads, trails, cafés, railway stations, and much more, all over the world.

Learn more about OpenStreetMap and get started mapping!
You can read more on the OpenStreetMap Blog, and subscribe to weeklyOSM.
Find other mappers in your local OSM community.
Support the project by joining the OSM Foundation and making a donation.

OpenStreetMap licensing

OpenStreetMap is open data, licensed under the
Open Data Commons Open Database License (ODbL) by the OpenStreetMap Foundation (OSMF). In summary:

You are free to copy, distribute, transmit and adapt our data,
as long as you credit OpenStreetMap and its
contributors. If you alter or build upon our data, you
may distribute the result only under the same license. The
full legal code at Open Data Commons explains your rights and responsibilities.

Our documentation is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.0 license (CC BY-SA 2.0).

Read more about using our data at the OSMF Licence page.

How to credit OpenStreetMap

Where you use OpenStreetMap data, you are required to do the following two things:

Provide credit to OpenStreetMap by displaying our attribution notice.

Make clear that the data is available under the Open Database License.

For the attribution notice, we have different requirements on how this should be displayed, depending on how you are using our data.
For example, different rules apply on how to show the attribution notice depending on whether you have
created a browsable map, a printed map or a static image.
More details can be found in the attribution guidelines section of the licensing requirements.

Generally speaking,
to make clear that the data is available under the Open
Database License, you may link to this copyright page.
If you are distributing OSM in
data form, please name and link directly to the license(s). In media
where links are not possible (e.g. printed works),
please include the full URL on the page, e.g. https://www.openstreetmap.org/copyright.

In this example, the credit appears in the corner of the map:

Copyright infringement

OSM contributors are reminded never to add data from any
copyrighted sources (e.g. Google Maps or printed maps) without
explicit permission from the copyright holders.

If you believe that copyrighted material has been inappropriately
added to the OpenStreetMap database or this site, please refer
to our takedown procedure or file directly at our
on-line filing page.

Trademarks

OpenStreetMap, the magnifying glass logo, and State of the Map are registered trademarks of the
OpenStreetMap Foundation. If you have questions about your use of the marks, please see our
Trademark Policy.

Additional services

Although OpenStreetMap is open data, we cannot provide a
free-of-charge map API or map tiles for third-parties.
See our API Usage Policy, Tile Usage Policy and Nominatim Usage Policy.

Our contributors

Our contributors are thousands of individuals. We also include
openly-licensed data from national mapping agencies
and other sources, among them:

Austria: Contains data from Stadt Wien (under CC BY), Land Vorarlberg
and Land Tirol (under CC BY AT with amendments).

Australia: Incorporates or developed using Administrative Boundaries &copy; Geoscape Australia
licensed by the Commonwealth of Australia under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International licence (CC BY 4.0).

Canada: Contains data from
GeoBase&reg;, GeoGratis (&copy; Department of Natural
Resources Canada), CanVec (&copy; Department of Natural
Resources Canada), and StatCan (Geography Division,
Statistics Canada).

Czechia: Contains data from the State Administration of Land Surveying
and Cadastre licensed under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International licence (CC BY 4.0)

Finland: Contains data from the
National Land Survey of Finland's Topographic Database
and other datasets, under the NLSFI License.

France: Contains data sourced from
Direction Générale des Impôts.

Croatia: Contains data from the State Geodetic Administration of Croatia and National Open Data Portal
(public information of Croatia).

Netherlands: Contains &copy; AND data, 2007

New Zealand: Contains data sourced from the LINZ Data Service
and licensed for reuse under CC BY 4.0.

Serbia: Contains data from the Serbian Geodetic Authority and National Open Data Portal
(public information of Serbia), 2018.

Slovenia: Contains data from the Surveying and Mapping Authority and Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry and Food
(public information of Slovenia).

Spain: Contains data sourced from the
Spanish National Geographic Institute (IGN) and
National Cartographic System (SCNE)
licensed for reuse under CC BY 4.0.

South Africa: Contains data sourced from Chief Directorate: National Geo-Spatial Information, State copyright reserved.

United Kingdom: Contains Ordnance
Survey data &copy; Crown copyright and database right
2010-2023.

For further details of these, and other sources that have been used
to help improve OpenStreetMap, please see the Contributors page on the OpenStreetMap Wiki.

Inclusion of data in OpenStreetMap does not imply that the original
data provider endorses OpenStreetMap, provides any warranty, or
accepts any liability.


====================================================================================================
SOURCE FILE: osm-nominatim-policy.html
(plain-text rendering of the fetched HTML; tags and scripts removed)
====================================================================================================

Nominatim Usage Policy (aka Geocoding Policy)

Toggle navigation

OSMF OWG

Home

Reports

Post-mortems

Policies

Meetings

Nominatim Usage Policy (aka Geocoding Policy)

This is an Acceptable Use Policy for the server running at nominatim.openstreetmap.org and does not apply to nominatim services run by yourself or other organisations

OSM’s Nominatim service is mainly there to power the search bar on openstreetmap.org. We are in principle happy for the public API to be used by external users for creative and unexpected uses. However, be aware that the service runs on donated servers and has a very limited capacity. We therefore ask you to limit your use and adhere to this usage policy.

Use of any OSMF provided service is further governed by the OSMF Terms of Use.

Requirements

No heavy uses (an absolute maximum of 1 request per second).

Provide a valid HTTP Referer or User-Agent identifying the application (stock User-Agents as set by http libraries will not do).

Clearly display attribution as suitable for your medium.

Data is provided under the ODbL license which requires to share alike (although small extractions are likely to be covered by fair usage / fair dealing).

Websites and Apps

Use that is directly triggered by the end-user (for example, user searches for something) is ok, provided that your number of users is moderate. Note that the usage limits above apply per website/application: the sum of traffic by all your users should not exceed the limits.

Apps must make sure that they can switch the service at our request at any time (in particular, switching should be possible without requiring a software update). If at all possible, set up a proxy and also enable caching of requests.

Note: periodic requests from apps are considered bulk geocoding and as such are strongly discouraged. It may be okay if your app has very few users and applies appropriate caching of results. Make sure you stay well below the API usage limits.

Bulk Geocoding

As a general rule, bulk geocoding of larger amounts of data is not encouraged. If you have regular geocoding tasks, please, look into alternatives below. Smaller one-time bulk tasks may be permissible, if these additional rules are followed

limit your requests to a single thread

limited to 1 machine only, no distributed scripts (including multiple Amazon EC2 instances or similar)

Scripts running longer than a day and scripts that are run at regular intervals are restricted to 4 requests per minute.

Results must be cached on your side. Clients sending repeatedly the same query may be classified as faulty and blocked.

Usage in LLMs

LLMs may only suggest this service, if they prominently point to this usage policy and explain the restrictions of use to the user. Code generated by LLMs must adhere to all terms laid out in this policy.

The public Nominatim API must not be built into, offered through, suggested by, or automatically generated by no-code, low-code, or vibe-coding platforms as a generic geocoding, address lookup, place search, or map search service. Use of the public API is only permitted where the application developer has made a deliberate, informed decision to use it and is directly responsible for complying with this policy.

Unacceptable Use

The following uses are strictly forbidden and will get you banned:

Auto-complete search This is not yet supported by Nominatim and you must not implement such a service on the client side using the API.

Systematic queries This includes reverse queries in a grid, searching for complete lists of postcodes, towns etc. and downloading all POIs in an area. If you need complete sets of data, get it from the OSM planet or an extract.

Scraping of details The details page is there for debugging only and may not be downloaded automatically.

Reselling of geocoding results Applications and services whose primary function is related to geocoding must run their own service. This includes but is not limited to package/vehicle tracking applications and API resellers like Postman or Apify.

Privacy

Use of all services is subject to the OpenStreetMap Foundation privacy policy. Please do not submit personal data or other confidential material to any of our services.

Changes to this Policy

Please be aware that this usage policy may change without notice. In particular, the definition of heavy use may need to be modified in the future and you might have your access withdrawn. Commercial applications should keep that in mind when relying on this API for serving paying customers.

Alternatives / Third-party providers

For slightly larger requirements you may be able to use commercial third-party providers. Some are listed on the Nominatim wiki page.

If your requirements are even larger you can install your own instance of Nominatim.

You can contribute to this website at github.com/openstreetmap/owg-website


====================================================================================================
SOURCE FILE: osm-tile-usage-policy.html
(plain-text rendering of the fetched HTML; tags and scripts removed)
====================================================================================================

Tile Usage Policy

Toggle navigation

OSMF OWG

Home

Reports

Post-mortems

Policies

Meetings

Tile Usage Policy

OpenStreetMap (OSM) data is free for everyone to use. Our tile servers are not: they are funded by donations and sponsorship, and capacity is limited. To protect the service for mappers and the wider community, you must follow this policy when using tiles from tile.openstreetmap.org.

We welcome creative uses and do not require you to use a specific API. However, heavy or inappropriate use harms others’ ability to edit and view the map. We may block access, without notice, if your usage degrades the service. We may try to contact you if possible, but cannot guarantee this.

Availability is best-effort: there is no SLA or guarantee. All OSMF services are also covered by the OSMF Terms of Use.

If you cannot meet these requirements, please use an alternative OSM-derived service (see below), or run your own.

Quick summary

You must:

Use the correct URL: https://tile.openstreetmap.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png.

Provide visible licence attribution, following the Attribution Guidelines.

Send a valid HTTP User-Agent that clearly identifies your application (or a platform X-Requested-With app ID where set automatically).

From web pages, ensure a valid HTTP Referer header is sent.

Cache tiles locally according to HTTP caching headers (or at least 7 days if your cache cannot read them).

Avoid encouraging or enabling copyright infringement.

You must not:

Bulk download (“scrape”) tiles or offer prefetch features.

Send Cache-Control: no-cache, Pragma: no-cache, or similar no-cache headers by default.

Set a restrictive Referrer-Policy that prevents the HTTP Referer header being sent.

Use the HTTP URL http://tile.openstreetmap.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png, use the HTTPS URL from above.

Masquerade as another app’s User-Agent, or rely on a library’s default User-Agent.

You should (recommended):

Avoid hard-coding the tile URL; allow switching without needing a software update.

Add a “Report a map issue” link to https://www.openstreetmap.org/fixthemap.

Publish a contact email on your website or app store listing.

Support HTTP/2 or HTTP/3 for efficient multiplexed downloads.

1. Correct tile URL

Use exactly:

https://tile.openstreetmap.org/{z}/{x}/{y}.png

Other subdomains or hostnames may be slower or withdrawn without notice. We cannot provide integration support for specific map libraries; please consult your library’s documentation.

2. Attribution and licensing

Show OpenStreetMap licence attribution clearly on the map (typically bottom-right).

Typically: © OpenStreetMap contributors

See: Attribution Guidelines

Do not actively or passively encourage copyright infringement.

Do not hide attribution beneath UI, behind toggles, or off-screen.

3. Technical requirements

3.1 Identification

User-Agent: Send a clear, unique User-Agent string that names your app and optionally includes a contact URL or email.

Example (good):

User-Agent: MyTownMaps/1.4 (+https://example.org; contact: maps@example.org)

Browsers will use the browser’s default User-Agent.

Do not use a library default User-Agent, and never impersonate another app or a browser.

If your platform automatically sets an X-Requested-With header with an app ID, that is acceptable, but a proper User-Agent is still recommended.

Referer (web only): Browsers are expected to send a valid Referer header. Native apps usually do not have a referer, this is ok.

Referrer-Policy (web only): Do not set a restrictive Referrer-Policy that prevents the Referer header being sent on requests to tile.openstreetmap.org.

3.2 Caching

Do not bypass caches. Never send Cache-Control: no-cache, Pragma: no-cache, or similar no-cache headers by default.

Honour server caching headers (Cache-Control, Expires, Etag). If your cache cannot read them, cache each tile for at least 7 days.

Keep a sufficient local cache to ensure that repeat views do not unneccessarily re-download tiles.

Use Conditional Requests using If-None-Match and If-Modified-Since when requesting tiles that have expired.

Note: Modern browsers, with default settings, already satisfy these technical requirements.

3.3 Protocols

Recommended: Use HTTP/2 or HTTP/3 to multiplex requests efficiently.

3.4 Apps, Library defaults & Software Development Kits (identification required)

Many HTTP clients and Software Development Kits (SDK) use a generic User-Agent header (e.g. okhttp/x.y, Go-http-client/1.1, python-requests/x.y, Java/1.8, curl/x.y). Traffic that uses these defaults will be blocked because we cannot identify or contact the actual application.

You must:

Apps must configure a distinct, stable User-Agent naming your app and optionally a contact URL or email.

For websites, ensure the Referer header is present and accurate end-to-end. If you proxy tile requests through your servers or a CDN, do not strip or blank the Referer.

Keep identification stable across requests and releases. It’s fine (and helpful) to update the version number in your User-Agent as you publish new builds (e.g. MyTownMaps/1.4 → MyTownMaps/1.5). Do not randomise or rotate the product name or contact details, and do not impersonate browsers or other apps.

If you publish an SDK, set a sensible default User-Agent (naming the SDK and docs URL) and provide a simple override to allow developers to easily identify their app.

You must not:

Use the library’s generic default User-Agent.

Hide behind a generic proxy User-Agent (e.g. nginx, Varnish, CDN-XYZ).

Strip Referer on web traffic or tunnel all clients behind a single, anonymous identity.

Enforcement: Traffic using generic defaults, referer-stripping, or spoofed identities may be blocked without notice. We prioritise identifiable and contactable operators to keep the service reliable for everyone.

4. Prohibited: bulk downloading (“scraping”) and offline use

Bulk downloading is any pre-emptive fetching of tiles other than those a user is actively viewing. This includes, but isn’t limited to:

“Pre-seeding” large areas or multiple zoom levels in advance.

Building tile archives (e.g. .zip, .mbtiles) for later distribution.

Automated scans across wide bounding boxes, especially at high zoom (z≥14).

Headless bots that pan/zoom the map to force rendering.

Offline use is not permitted on tile.openstreetmap.org. Features such as “Download city/country for offline use” or “Save area for later” rely on prefetch/bulk downloading and are therefore prohibited.

Note: If you require offline maps, use self-hosted tiles or a provider that explicitly allows offline/prefetching. Vector tiles are often more suitable for this use-case.

Permitted usage (examples):

Normal interactive viewing by a human where the client requests only the tiles needed for the current viewport (with modest, short-range look-ahead typical of browsers).

Re-visits served from your local cache honouring server caching headers (or ≥ 7-day TTL if you cannot read them).

Not permitted (examples):

Any “download for offline” button or background job that fetches tiles a user is not currently viewing.

Preloading entire towns/regions or multiple zoom stacks “just in case”.

Enforcement: Prefetch/offline patterns place disproportionate load on community-funded servers and will be blocked without notice. Repeated violations may lead to longer-term or network-level blocks.

5. Caching proxies

We generally do not recommend putting your own caching proxy in front of tile.openstreetmap.org. If you do, it must:

Set a clear, contactable User-Agent identifying the organisation/service.

Honour server caching headers or the minimum 7-day TTL rule above.

6. Privacy

Use of OSMF services is subject to the OSMF Privacy Policy. Do not submit personal or confidential data to our services.

We publish anonymised, aggregated usage data for research and operations, including summary data on tiles accessed and websites/apps using the service. Additional aggregated reports may be produced on an ad-hoc basis.

7. Changes and enforcement

This policy may change at any time to reflect project needs and constraints. Commercial services, or those that seek donations, should be especially aware that access may be withdrawn at any point: you may no longer be able to serve your paying customers if access is withdrawn.

We may try to contact you (for example, via your User-Agent or public contact details) if there is a problem, but this may not always be possible. Access may be blocked without prior notice.

8. Alternatives: OSM-derived services, vector tiles, and self-hosting

Hosted tile services based on OSM data

Community list: https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Raster_tile_providers

Commercial providers

See: Commercial OSM Software and Services and https://switch2osm.org/providers/

Run your own tiles

Up-to-date guidance: http://switch2osm.org/

Vector tiles

Vector tiles are an alternative to raster tiles and are typically rendered on the client using a style.

They can be hosted by third parties or self-hosted, and where the provider terms permit can be packaged for offline use.

See overview: https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Vector_tiles

9. Scope

This policy applies to the Standard (“OpenStreetMap Carto”) raster tiles served by tile.openstreetmap.org as part of the OpenStreetMap project.

It does not apply to other layers shown on the OpenStreetMap.org homepage (e.g. OpenCycleMap or other third-party tiles). Those layers may have their own usage policies, please contact the relevant projects directly if you wish to use their tiles.

OpenStreetMap’s Vector Tiles served by vector.openstreetmap.org is a separate service with its own usage policy: https://operations.osmfoundation.org/policies/vector/

You can contribute to this website at github.com/openstreetmap/owg-website
